---
title: Mittens
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7188
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Black Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 1
goodwith: No Kids<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_female breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_black-labrador-retriever options_no-kids
sheltercode: 2018119
images: 4
video: 
weight: 47
---

Hey Y'All!  I'm Dixie (altho I used to go by Mittens--check out my paws!)  - Nice to meet you!

I was lucky enough to be adopted up here in New England when I was just a pup, but, well, things happened and here I am again, looking for my new family.  

Anywho as you can see I'm a fabulously good-looking gal.  I have lots of energy which is why I'm in great shape (yeah, I check myself out every now and then).  Because I'm so friendly and fun to be around I have lots of buds who want to run and play with me.  My BFF is a guy who likes to wrestle endlessly, so now I like to wrestle endlessly.  I would love another dog with whom I could play, but it doesn't have to be endlessly, as I can chill like you read about.   I also love to go for walks, runs, & hikes since I'm pretty excellent on a leash.  Car rides - yeah I'm shotgun. 

I'm so housetrained it's not funny.   I'll eat whatever you put in my bowl (I don't mind fish & pizza now and then).   I like to sleep on my people's bed but I guess I don't HAVE to if you don't want me to. 

My foster Mom & Dad think I'm the Bomb Diggidy Digs - you probably will too!
If you need proof email pawsjeanne@gmail.com 

Name:  Dixie (fka Mittens)
Breed: Labrador Retriever mix
Sex: Female
Age:    15 months (DOB:  11/6/17)
Weight: 59 pounds as of 1/20/19
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative, on preventative
Microchipped: Yes


BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes, fostering with 6 others 
Good with Cats: Unknown 


Adoption Donation:  $450.00 

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.