---
title: Lykos
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8225
size: Small
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Shih Tzu,Chinese Crested Dog]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_small ages_adult genders_male breeds_shih-tzu breeds_chinese-crested-dog 
sheltercode: 20181121
images: 9
video: 
weight: 25
---

This little boy is a gem. His temperament is perfect. LyKos has a gentle demeanor. He believes toys are for playing and snuggling. 

His foster mom knew he was a Shih Tzu Mix because unlike a pure breed Shih Tzu, Lykos barked at the door when he needed to go outside. Typically Shih Tzu&#8217;s just give a blank stare.

When Lykos was rescued, he was severely matted. The only way to make him comfortable was to shave him down to the skin. Much of his hair has started to grow back, but a few spots have remained hairless with no sign of peach fuzz. Upon further examination and a consult with a groomer, it appears his family tree includes a Chinese Crested Hairless. 

Lykos is a companion dog and will do well in a home with someone home most of the time and another dog.   He loves his people and will cry softly if separated from his people. Lycos loves to snuggle on top of a soft blanket, next to another dog, or in his favorite person.    


Name: Lykos
Breed: Shih Tzu  mix
Sex: Male
Age: 2 years old
Weight: 16 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes
Medical: Lykos appears to have had multiple ear infections in his short life. The vet believes this will be chronic. He is also exhibiting symptoms of allergies.  We have not determined if the source is food or environmental. Lycos is currently on an apoquel trial and his diet has been changed to a single source protein. Lykos will require an adopter  committed to managing his ears and allergies.


BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Yes- ignores the house cats


Adoption Donation: 450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.