---
title: Jolie
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8263
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 1
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: No Dogs<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_female breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_crossbreed options_no-dogs
sheltercode: 20181157
images: 7
video: 
weight: 28
---

Jolie really should have been named &#8220;jolly&#8221; because she is so full of joy and love! 

Jolie was found under a shed taking care of her six puppies! Her puppies have all since been adopted and it is now her turn to find a home! 

She is extremely sweet and loves being around people. She is very calm, well-behaved, housebroken, and keeps her toys and bedding tidy.  

Jolie was attacked and bullied by 2 large dogs before coming to her foster home.  She is still anxious and guarded around dogs and gets visibly upset and growly when another dog approaches her. Due to her history, we are recommending Jolie be an only dog.  

She loves going for a walk and does well on a leash but she lacks the confidence to go outside in the fenced yard alone.  
 

Name: Jolie
Breed: Labrador Retriever mix 
Sex: Female
Age: 5 years old
Weight: 67 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered:  Yes 
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Positive and treated.
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Jolie has a gentle nature, however, due to her past trauma and lack of confidence in new situations we cannot predict how she will react to children. 
Good with Dogs: No
Good with Cats: Yes.  Jolie sleeps across from a kennel with 3 cats; she has not been tested with cats but can be before adoption.  


Adoption Donation: 450.00

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.