---
title: Lady Gilmore
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7936
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Black Labrador Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_black-labrador-retriever breeds_crossbreed options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2018843
images: 3
video: 
weight: 9
---

Shiny black coat of gorgeous fur - and bright white teeth - all make for one good looking canine.

This girl, no couch potato here - she wants to play, run, play, run - if you have another dog, she'd love it.&#160; Bigger dogs - her size and up.&#160; 

She is a lover of all dogs but she's too much for small dogs and doesn't seem to get it so we think no small dogs in her home.  NO CATS for this girl!!!

Lady's foster mom tells us she walks pretty well on a leash and is housebroken - and she will go into her crate easily!&#160; All nice attributes for a 4 legged!!

Another dog in the home would be fantastic but  if daycare was an option it would be great or of course someone active enough to keep her busy.

**Update from foster mom 11/28
Lady loves toys & bones but she likes to play with them alone! She loves tennis balls & anything squeaky that makes noise. Loves to cuddle up, plays a little rough and probably wouldn't be best with younger kids because she jumps a lot, (knocked my little cousin down one time because she was so excited and jumped up haha) she would love to be with another dog that she can play with and run around with outside. She is a very dominant so probably would do better with submissive dogs...she digs a lot and can dig under the fence, she HATES cats. I think that's why she digs out of the fence, because the cats in the neighborhood walk by and torment her. she is fully housebroken and has never had an accident in the house. Does well in the crate. she's never been aggressive or growled at me, my boyfriend or any of our company! 


Name: Lady Gilmore
Breed: Labrador Retriever Mix
Sex: Female
Age: 1 year (approx).
Weight: 45 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Older (she's a bit bouncy)
Good with Dogs: Yes, her size and up -no to small dogs
Good with Cats: Definite NO

Adoption Donation: $250.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.