---
title: Lyla Lou Hoo
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8514
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Mountain Cur,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_mountain-cur breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019078
images: 4
video: 
weight: 72
---

Lyla Lou Hoo needs you!! 

Lyla was a &#8220;free&#8221; puppy she was taken home but she has grown too large for the needs of the family, and her puppy energy is more than the family can manage at this time. With full time jobs and a new baby, the family has no time to train a puppy. Unfortunately, Lyla has found herself homeless. 

Lyla loves toys and bones, she also enjoys snuggling. Lyla is crate trained and working on potty training. Lyla would love a family with time to spend with her, maybe with other dogs or older kids to play with. Lyla has done well around kids aging from 1 year old to 10 years old. She is extremely sweet and your typical puppy! 

If you have the time and energy to train a puppy- apply today! 


Name: Lyla Lou Hoo
Breed: Mountain Cur mix
Sex: Female
Age: 8 months old of as of 2/4/19
Weight: 23 pounds as of 2/4/19
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes- fostering with children age 1-10 years old and does well 
Good with Dogs: Yes- gets along well with foster siblings
Good with Cats: Wants to play with cats however some cats don't appreciate puppy energy. 


Puppy Donation: &#160;$450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.