---
title: Captain Bridge
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 3788
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,German Shepherd Dog]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_german-shepherd-dog options_no-cats
sheltercode: D20153779
images: 7
video: 
weight: 7
---

"O Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done,"
Taken from O Captain! My Captain!  BY WALT WHITMAN

Captains and some friends!   https://youtu.be/Iz4kDQcKHi4

Looking for a best friend?   Captain Bridge would be a fantastic one!

Almost 5 years old, he had been in his adoptive home since a baby and they absolutely adore/adored him but the addition of a new baby who started crawling seems to have been a trigger to resource guarding (protecting what's his) and his lack of confidence.  They gave it their all but for Captain's sake and that of their little human, they painfully decided it was best for him to find a new home.  We wholeheartedly agreed with this decision.

Evaluation by a professional showed zero aggression towards humans BUT children don't know what's his is his and we don't want any little fingers (or toes :)  ) getting nipped.so no children under 12 or so for this guy.  

A quiet adult home would be ideal. Captain is very smart and wants to love and please you. He gets excited in new situations however this is very manageable. He loves to go for jogs, walks and play fetch but he'll also play with his toys on his own. It's adorable when the throws the toys to himself. His foster would love to speak with you and tell you more about the great dog!

Hope you'll consider this guy!  He's handsome, a great size for bigger dog lovers at 60 lbs, has had awesome vet care by his family so is healthy as a horse and is really a great dog.


Name: Captain
Age:  5 years
Weight: 60 lbs
Breed: Lab/Shep Mix (maybe some husky in there)
Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Other Dogs:  If dogs in his new home toys and food would need to be given separate from other dogs  
Cats:  Np
Kids: Yes (over 12 years old)


Adoption Donation: $300.00


MPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.