---
title: Gracie Mac
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8524
size: Medium
age: Baby
sex: Female
breeds: [Pit Bull Terrier,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_baby genders_female breeds_pit-bull-terrier breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019088
images: 5
video: 
weight: 81
---

These two little peanuts, Gracie and Ellie, has a mom that is still roaming the streets of Memphis because she refuses to be trapped - their foster mom tries every day to get her to safety and is thinks there are are other puppies with mom hidden somewhere - we will keep trying!!!

We have a photo of mom and she appears to be pit mix mama!

Gracie and Ellie got lucky as foster mom was able to snatch them during of her outings - they are adorable happy and health girls - we will not adopt them together however as our experience is that is never a great idea - but individually they will find fantastic new homes.

As you can see, they are well socialized with other dogs and with children who dote on them all the time - foster mom is working on housetraining and crate training and so far it's going great.

The girls will be arriving in New England on 2/16!&#160; Don't miss out!&#160;

Here they are having a little indoor playtime with another Paws NE puppy - Penelope who is on her way to New England already:  https://youtu.be/Z3h92wdGijs

Name: Gracie Mac
Breed: Crossbreed
Sex: Female
Age: 13 weeks as of 2/8
Spayed/Neutered: No (see below for spay/neuter requirements)
Vaccinations: Up to date - rabies has been given.
Heartworm: Too young to test.
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats:&#160; &#160;Yes with proper introductions

Puppy Donation: &#160;$500.00 &#160;(includes spay/neuter surgery to be arranged by Paws New England at a partner veterinarian in several locations throughout New England).&#160; If adopter wishes to have his/her own veterinarian perform the surgery, $100 will be reimbursed upon proof of spay/neuter.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.