---
title: Queen Bee
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8008
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Hound,Pit Bull Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_female breeds_hound breeds_pit-bull-terrier 
sheltercode: 2018908
images: 7
video: 
weight: 11
---

Make way for the Queen! The Queen Bee that is! Queen is a gorgeous hound/ pit bull mix who is trying to sniff out her forever family! 

Queen was found as a stray. She loves people and make friends with everyone she meets. She is housebroken and  walks well on a leash. She is very smart and a fast learner.   Queen loves other dogs!     


Although she loves them, no young kids for this girl - she has very sensitive feet and does not like anyone touching them (or even attempting to).  In addition, if she sees an open door out she'll go!

Want your own royal household- add Queen! 
 
Name: Queen Bee 
Breed: Pit Bull Terrier/Hound mix 
Sex: Female
Age: 1 year old 
Weight: 53 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Heartworm: Negative 
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: No young kids due to feet sensitivity, and she is a door-darter - will take off if she has the chance
Good with Dogs: Yes- does well with other dogs 
Good with Cats: Unknown 

Adoption Donation: 250.00

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.