---
title: Maisey Thanks
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8421
size: Medium
age: Baby
sex: Female
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Dalmatian]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_baby genders_female breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_dalmatian 
sheltercode: 20181313
images: 5
video: 
weight: 42
---

Maisey girl is an adorable almost 6 months of age who is so cute in person it's absurd.  
See for yourself - https://youtu.be/KkH88fJikT0

When you first meet her she's a little shy but within minutes her little butt is wiggling and she's looking for pets by licking your hand.  

She's been fostering in a doggies daycare and just loves the other dogs - she follows them around and plays all day.   Because of her little bit of shyness we think maybe an older dog to play with would be ideal for her.   One of the daycare workers has been taking her home at night and she LOVES her big dog Sam - she sleeps on his back when they are lying down. 

We are working on some basic commands with her - sit, stay etc - she's all puppy so getting her to focus isn't always easy but shes very food motivated which always help - PUPPY SCHOOL will be a must for this girl.

She goes into her crate without any problems which will make her continued work at house training easy.  

If you'd like more info, feel free to email: joannepawsne@gmail.com or just apply using the link provided and we will get right back to you.

Name: Maisey
Breed: Lab Mix
Sex: Female
Age: 6 months approx. 2/6/2019
Weight: Approx. 20 lbs  2/6/2019
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date.
Heartworm: Too young to test, on preventative.
Microchipped: Yes
&#160;
BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Untested but puppies usually do well with cats with proper introductions.
Good with Kids: She would arm up to children definitely but would need proper introductions and respectful children!!

Puppy Donation: &#160;$500.00 &#160;


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.