---
title: Skettles Burrell
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8244
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Hound,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_hound breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 20181138
images: 6
video: 
weight: 24
---

Now in New England!

Skettles is a very special little girl, looking for a very special family.  She was initially wary of her people and would sit across the room to observe, but is getting more confident every day and now seeks out attention.  Although her favorite spot is right in front of the fireplace, she'll sit on the couch with her foster Dad to watch the fire when invited.  

Sketts is fostering with 6 other dogs of all sizes and ages.  She eagerly follows them around to watch and learn.  Her BFF is a big ole lab who allows her to share his dog bed and follow him around to learn the routine.  She's a very smart girl and has mastered housetraining.   She has a crate in case she needs some quiet time but rarely uses it.  She is not at all destructive, has her favorite toys and will happily share them with the buddies. 

Skettles needs at least one other confident dog in the family so she can continue to grow and learn from them.  She is super smart and very food motivated making training easier and fun.  A very busy household is scary for Skettles, she needs a quieter place with a family who can be patient with her while teaching her all is OK.  Once you have her trust, she will be yours forever!  

Want more info?  email pawsjeanne@gmail.com

Name: Skettles Burrell
Breed: Hound mix
Sex: Male
Age:  DOB:  5/1/18
Weight: 26 pounds as of 01/31/19
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date in the puppy series. 
Heartworm:   On preventative.
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Yes
Good with Kids: Yes although somewhat nervous with a lot of much commotion

Puppy Donation: &#160;$500.00 &#160;

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.