---
title: Clay
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8123
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_terrier options_no-cats
sheltercode: 20181022
images: 7
video: https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212002827255645&id=1522178203
weight: 15
---

Cute puppy alert!! Cute puppy alert! Look no farther- Clay is an adorable puppy and is looking for his forever family! 
Clay and his family were living on the property of a vacant home in rural Tennessee. We don&#8217;t know who was feeding them or how they survived but in September 2018 an amazing rescuer and Paws New England foster mom heard about them and took action. Clay and his family are safe in foster homes now and ready for adoption. 

Clay is smart and spunky.  He loves playing with other dogs and is doing great with his housetraining.

We will update Clay&#8217;s profile as we find out more about him! Apply today if he looks like a perfect match for your home! 

Check out Clay&#8217;s video! 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212002827255645&id=1522178203
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212445007909885&id=1522178203

Name: Clay
Breed: Terrier mix
Sex: Male
Age: 7 months old as of 12/29/18
Weight: 38 pounds as of 12/29/18
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date in the puppy series. May require additional vaccinations post adoption at expense of adopter.
Heartworm: Too young to test, on preventative.
Microchipped: Yes
&#160;
BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: No
Good with Kids: Yes


Puppy Donation: &#160;$500.00 &#160;


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.