---
title: Lentil
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 5983
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Hound,Terrier]
nodogs: 1
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Dogs/Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_hound breeds_terrier options_no-dogs options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2017214
images: 5
video: 
weight: 27
---

That photo - the one of this wonderful girl content and happy lying in the sun, that sums up Lentil's perfect life.  

Her wonderful foster mother has provided us with some VERY important behaviors that she thinks you must know!!! 

Lentil:
-Loves to snuggle on the couch and watch television;
-Loves to help keep you safe by alerting you to visitors at the door;
-Loves walks and spending time outside to play catch
-Loves the sun & naps in sunny spots in the house
-Gives you her paw for treats, belly for rubs and kisses when you need them
-Likes to look out the window in zen, watching the world go by.
-Likes the fact she's house trained and so will you! (Crates aren't her favorite)

Lentil comes with some challenges but it's nothing someone with patience and pure love for her won't overcome - she needs confidence building and a great behaviorist we had meet with her said she's ready for a home with someone who will commit to ongoing work - Paws NE is committed to this girl as well and will cover visits for behavior training in the beginning of her adoption - it will help you both by working together and building trust.

Lentil needs to be an only dog - she craves and needs the attention and has had difficulties with other dogs - she won't be a dog park kind of dog or a daycare kind of dog.

Foster mom will be working with the behaviorist on her social skills and leash walking - she's a puller but both of these are getting better and will continue to do so.

She's not 100% comfortable with male humans but women humans are all wonderful.  Small humans of either breed are a no - too jumpy....

Please consider this very lovely dog for your home - a single or same sex female couple would be fantastic for her - what you put into her in terms of training you will receive back 1000-fold, we promise.


Name: Lentil
Sex: Female
Breed: Hound/Terrier
Age: 2 years old 
Spayed/Neutered: 9/14/17
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm:  Negative
Microchipped: Yes


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.