---
title: Layla Clapton
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8479
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd,Akita]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_female breeds_shepherd breeds_akita options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2019044
images: 3
video: 
weight: 55
---

&#8220;What will you do when you get lonely? No one waiting by your side.&#8221;  Well look no further because Layla is here to &#8220;ease your worried mind&#8221;.  Layla is a 2 year old Shepard/Akita mix who loves attention and love. She is a very lively girl who is working on learning some basic manners that were never bestowed upon her. She likes to jump up, pull on a leash and sashay her way through life!  While that is fun for her, we are working on teaching her how to do things in moderation.  

Layla is selective with dogs that are not respectful of her. She has a strong prey drive, so no small dogs or prey-like animals. If you introduce her properly, she can be friends with other dogs, but her ideal home is one where she is the star of the show!  

She is such a sweet girl that loves to snuggle in a soft, warm bed, go for long walks and hikes and enjoys rides with the wind whipping through her hair. She is housebroken, crate trained, leash trained and simply wonderful. If you want someone to turn your heart and your &#8220;whole world upside down&#8221; than Layla is your girl!  
(Layla, E P Clapton)


Name: Layla Clapton
Sex: Female
Breed: Shep/Akita mix 
Age: 2 years
Weight: 63 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: yes
Vaccinations: Up to date as of January 2019
Heartworm: Negative January 2019
Microchipped: yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Layla is selective with dogs that are not respectful of her. She has a strong prey drive, so no small dogs or prey-like animals. If you introduce her properly, she can be friends with other dogs, but her ideal home is one where she is the star of the show!

Cats: No

Kids: Tested with 8 years and up. She loves children and attention, but has not been tested with infants or toddlers. She can get excited and jump up, so it is recommended that she live with older children as she is large and strong. 


Adoption Donation: $450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.