---
title: Hank (a/k/a Junius)
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7917
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [American Bulldog]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_american-bulldog options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2018824
images: 4
video: 
weight: 8
---

Does he like other dogs you ask??   Take a look:  https://youtu.be/M_00xoiVJ-g

Attention Bulldog Lovers: Meet Junius (now known as Hank)! If you&#8217;re looking for a gorgeous representative of the bully breed family, this is your guy!

Hank has a zest for life! This fella is all fun and love! He is a total sweetheart who loves people to death and soaks up all the attention he can get.

Does Hank like other dogs?  You be the judge:  https://youtu.be/M_00xoiVJ-g

Hank is a young dog with typical young dog energy and spunk. He&#8217;d love an active family who he can play and go on adventures with. There is no question this is a strong and powerful boy so we are looking for someone with breed experience. His leash manners are currently in flux &#8211; meaning, working on those!! We are working on stay and jumping, but he gets so excited to see his people it's hard for him!   Luckily Hank loves his food and pleasing people so he is easy to train.  Hank would benefit from a family who can be dedicated to continued manners and leash training.

He kisses everyone who comes around and follows his foster mom everywhere she goes. Hank does entertain himself when needed (i.e, a Kong and a nap is heaven) and he's so well-behaved that he has run of the house. 

Look into his gorgeous amber eyes, and you will fall in love&#8230; Hank is just waiting for you scoop him up and spoil him rotten!

12/24/18:  Now in New England!   And doing amazingly well with his six 4-footed friends!   Hank is the friendliest guy around; loves every dog and human he meets, and greets everyone like his long-lost friend!   He is quite strong and needs guidance on who he can wrestle with and who he should just leave alone, so he would love another young, playful dog in his life.  

Email pawsjeanne@gmail.com for more glowing info about the Hankster!

Name: Junius/Hank
Breed: American Bulldog mix
Sex: Male
Age: 2.5  years old
Weight: 63 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped:&#160; Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:

Good with Children: Unknown. Based on personality would do well but recommend older due to his size.
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: No

Adoption Donation: $450.00

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.