---
title: Sunny Sunshine
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8523
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Treeing Walker Coonhound]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 2
goodwith: No Cats<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_treeing-walker-coonhound options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2019087
images: 4
video: 
weight: 79
---

Gorgeous treeing Walker Hound - yes, they can climb trees!!&#160; We don't know if she can but we've seen it - it's amazing.

Sunny was found in Texarkana but her current foster dad who helped her deliver a litter of adorable puppies who have all found their new homes and now it's her turn.

Very sweet natured girl estimated to be approx. 15 months of age.&#160;&#160;

She's currently living with several dogs and enjoys their company but would be fine on her own - this is a very active breed so no couch potatoes please!&#160; Here's some info about the breed:&#160;&#160;http://www.vetstreet.com/dogs/treeing-walker-coonhound
Sensitive dogs - please don't apply to adopt this girl if she's going to be alone for long periods - they don't like it - they are very social with their humans and require attention.&#160; They are known to bark when you're not home so if you live in an apartment please be mindful of this.

Given her sweet nature we feel she would do well with children but will test her if you would like to apply and have little humans in&#160; your home.&#160;

Name: Sunshine Girl
Breed: Treeing Walker Coonhound
Sex: Female
Age: 1 year 5 months
Weight: 50.0
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative&#160;
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Untested but will test if needed
Good with Dogs: Yes lives with several
Good with Cats:&#160; No - typically have a high prey drive.

Adoption Donation: $450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.