---
title: Olivia Olive
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8406
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_shepherd breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 20181298
images: 3
video: 
weight: 44
---

Hi, I&#8217;m Olivia Olive! 

I&#8217;m a beautiful girl looking for an active family. I&#8217;m energetic and love to play!  If you have older kids that like to play, I&#8217;m your girl! I have no known health or behavioral concerns. I&#8217;m learning basic manners in my foster home. I know sit and am currently working on &#8220;get down&#8221;. I&#8217;m doing well at potty training, I kennel well, I get along well with other dogs, I walk well on a leash, I love inside better than outside and love to hang with people! I will keep bringing you the toy to play tug of war and fetch. If you don&#8217;t play I will nudge you. 

I&#8217;m  a very happy and sharp girl. I have a pretty good concept of sit and ride well in the car, too. I&#8217;m basically perfect according to my foster mom! 

Please consider giving me a forever home!! 

Check out my videos! 
https://youtu.be/S592JqUP7IE
https://youtu.be/0XqX5UEMDMM
https://youtu.be/-g71mufBzx4
https://youtu.be/Q6tSOSYvHtk
https://youtu.be/G_ikiRf7HBU
https://youtu.be/5V9sycgw__g
https://youtu.be/RPZltem3SZo

 
Name: Olivia Olive
Sex: Female
Breed: shepherd mix (best guess)
Age: DOB 7/7/18 (best guess)
Weight: 27 lbs on 12/18/18
Spayed: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Too young to test
Microchip: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes- gets along well with dogs in my foster home (one large female, one medium size female, one small male)
Cats: Untested- can test on request. 
Kids: Untested with young children. Gets along well with older children- teens and preteens. 


Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.