---
title: Preston Flint
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8504
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Collie,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_male breeds_collie breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019068
images: 4
video: 
weight: 67
---

Fostering in Barrington, Rhode Island!!!

Preston is such a stunning boy we assume you won't care much about his story but here's what we can tell you -&#160; his mom was a sweet golden mix and his dad we believe was a collie - they were rescued by an attorney in Texarkana who took the entire litter and mama into his home and took care of them.&#160; Eventually the mom and all of Prescott's siblings were sent to a rescue in New Hampshire and their rescuer kept Prescott.&#160; &#160;There have been some health issues lately and he has asked us to find this handsome guy a new home.

Preston has settled into his foster home quite well - was a little shy to start off but is now making himself right at home - plays well with the resident canine - he'd do well with or without a 4-legged sibling - he hogs all the attention from his humans so he'd be fine as an only dog!!


Name: Preston Flint
Breed: Collie/Crossbreed
Sex: Male
Age: 8 Months
Weight: 50
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm:&#160; Negative
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Unknown
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Unknown

Adoption Donation: $450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.