---
title: Cody Suite
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8368
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 20181260
images: 5
video: 
weight: 36
---

Now fostering in New England! 

This is the Suite Life of Zack and Cody! (A 2000&#8217;s Disney show for who are confused!) These brothers are looking for homes of their own where they can live the sweetest of lives. Zack and Cody are your typical puppies who are sweet, playful and cuddly. They are working on their obedience, and will need adopters committed to making sure these guys perfect their manners. Zack and Cody are each ready to go to their forever families where they will make loving and loyal family members. 

Cody is settling into life in New England with his foster family! They say he has a happy, lab demeanor and is very sweet! He also has the cutest "wiggle butt." He has lots of puppy tendencies currently but his foster family is working with him on structure and manners so he will grow into a great adult! He is also working hard on crate triaining. He will need a family committed to continuing his training. 


Name: Cody Suite
Breed: Lab mix
Sex: Male
Age: 8 months as of 12/6/18
Weight: 30 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes- Excellent with kids! 
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Untested


Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.