---
title: Dolly
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8134
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Australian Cattle Dog,Blue Heeler]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 1
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_australian-cattle-dog breeds_blue-heeler options_special-needs
sheltercode: 20181033
images: 8
video: 
weight: 16
---

**Fostering in New England**

Dolly has been in New England for a month now and she has adjusted quite well to our weather! She is both crate and house-trained. She hasn't met a toy she doesn't like, and can often be found running after multiple balls at once. She enjoys a good belly-rub and never passes up an afternoon nap on the couch with her foster mom!

She can be shy when first meeting people. It does take time for her to feel comfortable in new environments and she will need a patient home that can provide her with a safe space of her own. With time her true personality emerges, which is a combination of smart, curious, and spunky!

Her shyness can most likely be contributed to her medical limitations - although her foster mom prefers to see them as just quirky aspects of her personality - but Dolly is completely Deaf, and has some impairment to her Vision. The vision does not impact her ability to get around, in fact, you hardly notice it all! Dolly is actively working hard to learn ASL. She is very food motivated, cheese is her favorite (who can argue with that?!) and is regularly working to improve her skills.

Dolly is looking for a patient home with a fenced-in yard and a family that can commit to continued training (both required!). She is truly a unique girl and is patiently waiting for her forever home.

Check out her video! https://youtu.be/uuIMP09wb54

Name: Dolly
Breed: Australian-Cattle Dog Mix
Sex: Female
Age: 2 years old as of 9/2018
Weight: 41 pounds as of 12/2018
Spayed: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to Date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes
Medical: Deaf (completely) and Vision Impaired 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes, she lived with multiple dogs in her Southern Foster home
Cats: Yes, she lived with cats in her Southern Foster home
Children: Untested however teens or older due to impairments


Adoption Donation: $450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
&#160;
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
&#160;
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
&#160;
NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.
Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.