---
title: Tiger Lilly
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8407
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Hound,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_hound breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 20181299
images: 4
video: 
weight: 43
---

Tiger Lilly is an energetic and loving girl who loves to snuggle and cuddle! If this sounds like the perfect combo- and we think it is- then she may be the dog for you!  She also loves playing with the other dogs and kids in her foster home. She has mastered the doggie door, walking on a leash, and sharing her food bowl. 

She needs work on not jumping to get your attention but if her person is sitting she just snuggles in their lap. She is working on potty training as she currently uses doggie door. Her ideal family would be an active family with kids to play with. She loves people and running and playing with them but when it&#8217;s time to rest she easily snuggles in your lap. She just wants to be with her people. She would not be happy in a home where everyone was gone all day. 

If you think you have a home for Tiger Lily- apply today! 
 
Name: Tiger Lilly
Sex: Female
Breed: Hound mix 
Age: DOB 4/20/18 (best guess)
Weight: 30 lbs on 12/18/18
Spayed: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative
Microchip: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes- plays well with other dogs 
Cats: Is very playful with cats. May do well with dog savvy cats. No aggression towards cats 
Kids: Yes- loves to play with kids however because of size will need children older than toddlers. 

Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.