---
title: Sugar Plum Dancing
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8492
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_shepherd 
sheltercode: 2019056
images: 6
video: 
weight: 64
---

Now fostering in New England! 

Adorable girl: https://youtu.be/1akHBwsaY00

Have you ever taken dance lessons? Fancy to? Introducing Sugar Plum Dancing! 

This dynamic 5.5 month old, 19 pound lab mix (best guess, her sweet mother is only 20 lbs) is ready to tip and tap her way into your heart! Sugar Plum Dancing hopes to join a jolly family who will show her lots of attention and affection. 

Sugar literally PRANCES around. It is absolutely adorable! She&#8217;s a playful pup who is eager to learn and enjoys her chew toys. She is very smart! She is almost completely house trained and she is crate trained. Sugar Plum spends most of her time with her siblings so she&#8217;s looking for an active forever family who can provide her with plenty of close companionship.

Sugar also LOVES everything that squeak, crinkle, or make any type of noise! She recently discovered tennis balls and she can't get enough. Sugar will need continued work on basic obedience training. She is so smart that we anticipate that she will blossom. 

Do you see yourself in some new dancing shoes soon? If so, please apply to learn more about how you can trot away with Sugar Plum Dancing! 

Name: Sugar Plum Dancing 
Breed: Retriever/Feist (mix... we don't know for sure)
Sex: Female
Age: 5.5 months of 1/25/2019
Weight: 19
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Too young to test.
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes, puppy so everyone needs to be respectful!!
Good with Dogs:&#160; Yes
Good with Cats: Yes

Adoption Donation: 500.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.