---
title: Tinkerbelle
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8511
size: Large
age: Senior
sex: Female
breeds: [Corgi,Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_senior genders_female breeds_corgi breeds_labrador-retriever 
sheltercode: 2019075
images: 5
video: 
weight: 75
---

Tinkerbelle is hysterical! She may not be able to fly around like Tinkerbelle can but she certainly is adorable!  She looks like this big huge dog with this big deep bark&#8230;then she stands up and you see her tiny little legs.  She is only about a foot and a half tall!  

She has the funniest personality to go along with her funny looks.  She likes to play in the dog park and run and chase her friends.The problem is, she can&#8217;t keep up with her short legs.  She doesn&#8217;t let it bother her though,  she just stands there and talks to them all.  Her bark sounds like she is really big and mean but she is the sweetest dog ever.  

With her personality and stylish looks, she is sure to be the hit at any dog park! 

Name: Tinkerbelle
Breed: Corgi/Labrador Retriever mix
Sex: Female
Age: 13 years old on paperwork however based on personality and activity level would guess younger. 
Weight: 84 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Untested
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Passed initial cat test. This means she may do well with cats with proper introductions. 


Adoption Donation: 300.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.