---
title: Dumas
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8350
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Boxer,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_male breeds_boxer breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 20181242
images: 8
video: 
weight: 33
---

Dumas is an amazing dog! He is all around great! Plus...
*Cute: Wide eyed and everything seems new to him. 
*He likes affection and eye to eye contact. He understands &#8220;good boy&#8221; and wants to please. 
*He has been in a home with 2 dogs and enjoys them.
*Looks to people for direction. 
*Whines when needing to go out to the bathroom. Doing very well with housetraining. Working on bell training!
*Comes when called and has good attention.
*Likes to play, but is content with sitting and laying down for long periods of time. 
*Likes fetching a tennis ball and releases it well. 
*Likes having a spot to go and lay down in different rooms. I have a mat on the porch, in the living room, and in the laundry room. 
*Would love to be your running partner (check out his photo!)
*Stays in the laundry without breaking down a baby gate. Our dog Lily is in there with him when we leave. So, I&#8217;m not sure how he does on his own. 
*Does well with fosters and following basic commands in home and in public. 
*Enjoys walks, runs and dog parks. 

Dumas would do well in a home with another dog or an attentive human companion. He likes companionship. He could be a really good dog as a running partner. He would respond well to training to run beside runner on a lead. Older children would be fine with him and he would likely enjoy them.

Apply fast for this great guy!

Check out his videos!
https://youtu.be/4LA6MD-5STo
https://youtu.be/RIEvbL4DQko
https://youtu.be/oEFBgynhoz0
https://youtu.be/gzAPnR_LoaE
https://youtu.be/kgxs4bgcNAg
https://youtu.be/mvbGI0ZNzBc


Name: Dumas
Sex: Male
Breed: Boxer mix 
Age: 1 year old 
Weight: 56 lbs 
Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: up to date 
Heartworm: negative 
Microchip: will be prior to adoption 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Gets along well with the two large dogs on foster home
Cats: Untested
Kids: Untested. Based on temperament, older kids would be fine. Dumas is too large for small children.


Adoption Donation: $450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
&#160;
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
&#160;
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
&#160;
NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.
Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.