---
title: Sammy Shih
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8480
size: Small
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Shih Tzu]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_small ages_adult genders_male breeds_shih-tzu 
sheltercode: 2019045
images: 3
video: 
weight: 56
---

Welcome to the Adventures of Sammy Shih!  Sammy is a 4 &#189; year old Shih Tzu who has the most amazing personality.  He loves playing with his friends, adores toys, hugs, and showing you how much he loves you. He is not so happy with small children who try to curb his street appeal and yank his tail, so older children are the best. He also likes to take the stuffing out of plush toys, because that squeaker is trying to upstage his performance.  He loves to roll over and do the back slide while begging for belly rubs. He likes to shake, shake, shake his booty (and his paw) to the beat of his own band. He can sit on command and drop down like a gymnast on a mat. 

He is the whole package! Adorable and sweet with the personality of a true comedian.  He is housebroken, crate trained, leash trained and totally the main man!  If you want to join Sammy on his adventures and give him the stage he deserves, grab your mic, fill out your ticket and hang on for the journey of a lifetime! It will be the best decision you ever made. 

Sammy Shih has glaucoma, currently being managed with twice daily eye drops. You wouldn&#8217;t be able to tell by his personality! He is a funny little boy who will entertain you in playing a game of catch (indoors in this weather- he is not keen on extended time in the snow). 


Name: Sammy Shih
Sex: Male
Breed: Shih Tzu
Age: 4 &#189; years
Weight: 18 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date as of January 2019
Heartworm: Negative On Proheart 6 due 3/18/19
Microchipped: yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes.  He loves other dogs, especially ones his size. 

Cats: Passed initial cat test. Interested and curious but not aggressive. 

Kids: Tested with 8 years and up. He loves older children and attention, but has not been tested with infants or toddlers in rescue. In his former home, a three year old child was being too rough and pulling his tail. He got enough of it and chased the child out of the room. Therefore, we recommend that he live with older children that will be respectful of him. 


Adoption Donation: $450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.