---
title: Malaki
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8070
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Canaan Dog]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 1
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_canaan-dog options_special-needs
sheltercode: 2018969
images: 3
video: https://youtu.be/s4L0N62idAo
weight: 13
---

Our little refugee Malaki&#160; (pronounced Malakee) - from Amman Jordan arrived to Rhode Island and is doing really well!!!

We are currently in search of a forever home for this girl -  she has certain requirements not everyone may think they can handle - but you can.   We know it.

Her story is sad but we don't want to focus on that - let's focus on what she has to offer - love, affectionate, that amazing look she gives her current caretaker (you can see in video).&#160; She's currently fostering in Rhode Island and her foster dad is madly in love.

Her prior caretaker in Jordan, Ahmad, r found her in the vet's office after she was found paralyzed.&#160; 

She currently wears diapers but is able to urinate on her own as well as defecate - but she can't get herself up so it will be a routine that will need to be established.

She currently lives with 4 other dogs and cats and is does well but honestly, we'd like to see her in a less chaotic home, perhaps with one other dogs, where someone can be devoted to her care.

She has had an MRI at Ocean State Veterinary - we had hoped there was something surgically that could be done but that's just not the case.  She won't walk again - she's being fitted for a custom wheelchair which of course will go with her wherever she goes.  The neurologist felt that PT or rehab therapy may not be  of much help to her as she doesn't seem to be in pain.

Here's a couple of videos so you can get a look at this adorably sweet girl.

https://youtu.be/s4L0N62idAo
https://youtu.be/dHv4vI8C3n8

Two weeks ago in Rhode Island 
https://pawsnewengland.com/our-dogs-list/malaki/


Any questions, please don't hesitate to email: joannepawsne@gmail.com

Name: Malaki
Breed: Canaan Dog (https://dogtime.com/dog-breeds/canaan-dog#/slide/1)
Sex: Female
Age: 2 years&#160; approx.
Weight: 55
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm:&#160; Negative&#160;
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children:  Possible with proper introductions
Good with Dogs: After proper  introductions
Good with Cats: Yes

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.