---
title: Blaze
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7475
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Pit Bull Terrier,Staffordshire Bull Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_pit-bull-terrier breeds_staffordshire-bull-terrier options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2018394
images: 10
video: 
weight: 18
---

Blaze is a goofy, loyal and totally devoted companion. He is happiest when he is resting his big heavy head on his person&#8217;s lap. He is a smart guy and loves to show off his tricks&#8212;he knows sit, lie down, roll over, paw, &#8220;leave it&#8221; and &#8220;go to bed&#8221;. He is totally housebroken, not destructive, pretty snoozy all day and you will never meet a guy who is as happy to see you when you come home as this guy.

Because of his past, Blaze has some fear issues that cause him to be wary of strangers and visitors to his space. He is very protective of his own people and his space isn&#8217;t too sure about other people he hasn&#8217;t learned to trust yet coming into it. Because of this, Blaze needs a special forever family to step up for him, specifically someone with previous pittie experience. He is an extremely motivated learner, and has made huge progress in his foster home. He has learned to sit quietly in his crate when visitors come and we expect him to become less fearful when he gets more stability in his life. Blaze is a big beautiful specimen, and we think a home without children or cats would be best for him. He would probably prefer to be the only dog as he is somewhat dog selective but he has had good interactions with other dogs with proper introductions.

In his foster home, he is a really easy companion and will continue to work on his safety and manners with strangers.  Consider adopting this amazing guy! 

Name: Blaze
Breed: Pit Bull Terrier/Staffordshire Bull Terrier mix
Sex: Male
Age: 3 years old
Weight: 70 pounds
Heartworm: Negative
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Prefers to be only dog
Good with Cats: No
Good with Kids:  No


Adoption Donation: $250.00 (donation will be refunded to trainer if adopter would like to work with one)



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.