---
title: Gidget
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 2167
size: Medium
age: Senior
sex: Female
breeds: [Hound,Plott Hound]
nodogs: 1
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: No Dogs<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_senior genders_female breeds_hound breeds_plott-hound options_no-dogs
sheltercode: 2019092
images: 3
video: 
weight: 83
---

Precious Local Senior Alert!

This is Gidget, AKA Gidgee. She is a small spry frosty faced brindle girl with lots of love left to give. Gidget originally came to PAWS NE after being seized from a hoarding situation. Her soulful eyes caught the attention of one of the shelter volunteers who asked PAWS to take her into rescue. 
Gidget had a loving home for 8 years with an older woman. They were inseparable and did everything together. 
Unfortunately her mama is now unable to continue to care for her, so she surrendered her back to PAWS knowing that we will find Gidget the best retirement home possible.

Gidget is a very sweet shy girl with the most  amazing soft, chestnut striped fur. She just loves to be with you/near you. She does not ask for much....loving hugs, leisurely strolls,  belly rubs and a warm bed to rest. She is house trained and also is trained to an invisible fence.  
Gidget is not a big fan of other dogs, after living alone for so long, but may be able to coexist with another laid-back senior. 

Perhaps you are able to open your heart to this special girl?

Or if you just have some questions, please email dianegpawsne@aol.com


Name: Gidget
Breed: Plott Hound Mix
Sex: Female
Age: 12 years
Weight: 28 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Heartworm: Treated for HW in 2011, now negative.
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Never exposed to children.
Good with Dogs: Has lived as only dog for 8 years, may tolerate another older laid back dog.
Good with Cats: Yes, she lived with two cat siblings.

Adoption Donation: $300



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.