---
title: Ren
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8519
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019083
images: 1
video: 
weight: 76
---

Looking for a party? Great attitude and always ready to play? If that describes the dog you are looking for then look no farther than Ren!

Ren has a great attitude towards everything and everybody! If another dog wants to play- he is ready, if they want to take it easy he will find someone else to play with! Ren does have a lot of energy and needs a family that is active and has the time and energy to give him the attention he craves. 

If he had his choice he would love a doggie companion in his forever home that also is active and enjoys to play! He is more than happy to be submissive to his friends though! 

Ren truly is a great dog! Apply today!!! 

Name: Ren
Breed: Labrador Retriever mix
Sex: Male
Age: 8 months as of 2/6/19
Weight: 31 pounds as 2/6/19
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Untested
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Passed initial cat test. This means Ren may get along with cats with proper introductions. 


Puppy Donation: &#160;$450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.