---
title: Buddy Bear
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7578
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Australian Cattle Dog,Blue Heeler]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 1
goodwith: No Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_australian-cattle-dog breeds_blue-heeler options_no-kids
sheltercode: 2018489
images: 3
video: 
weight: 14
---

Meet your new fitness partner!

Buddy-Bear is a handsome 1-year old, Labrador Retriever / Cattle Dog Mix. He is currently living it up at his foster home, locally in New England, with his foster siblings (3 dogs, 2 cats) and gets along with them each of them well. It is in Buddy's best interest that he's placed in a family with at least one or two other K9-playmates. His foster parents have been working on basic commands and Buddy has been a wonderful student. We would like to see him continue training with his new family. He'll do best with a confident parent(s) who can provide both mental & physical stimulation while guiding him to make good choices!

Buddy still has that puppy energy and plays best in small groups (4-6 dogs) with fellow K9 friends similar to his size. On a warm, summer's day, he enjoys splashing around in the outdoor kiddie-pool. After a long, hard day of playing with friends, Buddy enjoys curling up by the TV for an evening of 'petflix' and cuddles. At the end of each night, he gets into his crate to re-charge for another full day of fun.

If you are looking for a fitness partner who will love you unconditionally, you have found your match!

Name: Buddy Bear
Breed: Heeler/Labrador Retriever mix
Sex: Male
Age: 7 months old as of 5/8/18
Weight: 33 pounds as of 5/8/18
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date in puppy series. May need additional vaccines at cost of the adopter. 
Heartworm: Too young to test. On preventative. 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Would do best in an adult only home
Good with Dogs: Yes- would do best with a playmate! 
Good with Cats: Yes- fostering with 2 cats and gets along well 

 
Puppy Donation:  $500.00  

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.