---
title: Willow, Penguin
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8237
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [American Bulldog,Pit Bull Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_female breeds_american-bulldog breeds_pit-bull-terrier options_no-cats
sheltercode: 20181131
images: 3
video: 
weight: 23
---

Looking for TWO adorable dogs? We have the pair for you. 

Willow was found as a stray with her adorable puppies. Unfortunately one puppy did not make it but Penguin did! They love each other very much and need to be adopted together. 

They are both very sweet! Penguin is a typical puppy and Willow is a sweet and loving girl. Willow is house trained. Penguin is working very hard on potty training and basic potty training. They both need a family committed to continuing to work with them. 

If you are looking for a very sweet and loving pair- please consider giving Penguin and Willow a home! 


Name: Penguin
Breed: American Bulldog/Pit Bull Terrier mix
Sex: Male
Age: 17 weeks as of 10/22/18
Weight: 18 pounds as of 10/22/18
Spayed/Neutered: No, will require commitment to spay/neuter upon adoption. See below.
Vaccinations: Up to date in the puppy series. May require additional vaccinations post adoption at expense of adopter.
Heartworm: Too young to test, on preventative.
Microchipped: Yes

Name: Willow
Breed: American Bulldog/Pit Bull Terrier mix
Sex: Female
Age: 5 years old 
Weight: 50 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes- loves everyone! 
Good with Dogs: Yes- gets along well with other dogs
Good with Cats: No


Adoption Donation: &#160;$500.00- for both dogs-&#160;(includes spay/neuter surgery to be arranged by Paws New England at a partner veterinarian in several locations throughout New England).&#160; If adopter wishes to have his/her own veterinarian perform the surgery, $100 will be reimbursed upon proof of spay/neuter.


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.