---
title: Ember
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8404
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Terrier,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 1
goodwith: No Kids<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_terrier breeds_crossbreed options_no-kids
sheltercode: 20181296
images: 11
video: 
weight: 45
---

Ember
On the coldest of nights
I'll look for your glow
among the burning embers
of your fiery soul

I'll sift through the ashes
in search of the spark
that ignited my mind
and lit up my heart
-Christy Ann Martine

Ember is ready to light up your heart with her radiant personality



The Official Ember Checklist:

Loves People? &#9989;
Wants to be your morning coffee buddy? &#9989;
Knows how to sit politely for attention? &#9989;
Will be your best friend? &#9989;
Eager to please?&#9989;
Crate Trained? &#9989;
Sleeps through the night? &#9989;
Up for adventure? &#9989;
Loves to relax on the couch and watch movies, football, HGTV? &#9989;
Loves car rides? &#9989;
Full of personality? &#9989;
Learning nice leash walking manners? &#9989;
Loves to meet new people? &#9989;
Loves to play with toys?&#9989;
Good with other dogs? &#9989;
Healthy? &#9989;
Happy ? &#9989;
Smart? &#9989;

Wanna know if Ember is right for you? Wanna know more?  Fill out an application and we guarantee you&#8217;ll find out that there is so much more about Ember that makes her an excellent addition to your family!



Name: Ember
Breed: Terrier mix
Sex: Female
Age: 1-2 years old 
Weight: 50 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Would do best in an adult only or with teenagers due to her puppy nature and size. 
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Untested


Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.