---
title: Oslo
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8508
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Boxer,Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_boxer breeds_labrador-retriever 
sheltercode: 2019072
images: 3
video: 
weight: 70
---

A more beautiful dog you may never see - isn't Oslo just stunning!!!&#160; A red and white boy!

This AWESOME dog was like so many others in our southern state wandering around a neighborhood for a week before he&#160; had been wandering the neighborhood for about a week before he made a very smart decision and landed in the yard of a foster for one of our partner rescues in Texarkana.&#160; Good choice Oslo!!

The foster family took him in and within minutes he was playing with their dog and showing off his dog skills.&#160; He even liked their cats but plays too hard for them!!!&#160; He can sit, shake, house trained, and all sorts of a couch potato. He does seem a little too interested in the cats and tries to play. He is not aggressive towards them but thinks chasing them is exciting!

He is a sensitive guy and is loyal to his two humans who gave him a warm bed and food in his belly . He LOVES to play and has a ton of energy, so he will for sure need a playmate that can give him a run for his money! His big brown eyes will make your heart melt, so be prepared to completely spoil this guy because we promise those puppy dog eyes will pull at your heart strings.&#160;


Name: OSLO
Sex- Male
Breed-Boxer/Lab Mix
Age- Approximately 2 years
Weight- Around 50-55
Spayed/neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative&#160; (tested Jan 2019)
Microchipped: Yes

Dogs: Yes! He has been with a pointer mix of 68 pounds. Loves to chase, wrestle, and play until they cant play anymore!&#160;
Cats: Has been around cats and is NOT aggressive, but he does like to chase them so I would think it would be safer for their to be no cats.
Kids: Unknown-based on personality I think he would love to have kids around.
ADOPTION FEE:&#160; $400


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.