---
title: Cabot
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8482
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_female breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019047
images: 3
video: 
weight: 58
---

Now fostering in New England!! 

While exploring the world was John Cabot&#8217;s dream, our Cabot does not have such fortitude and aspirations. She longs for a home with love, patience and understanding that her early life was far from perfect. 

Cabot is an amazing dog. Perfect in every way. She is awesome on a leash and walks right next to you on your right without pulling. She is housebroken and loves treats. Cabot's favorite thing is her humans. She would love to sit and cuddle on the couch all day, go for walks, rides, anything as long as she is with you. She is not crated at all and chooses to sleep on the couch. Cabot is fine with dogs (we have an alpha, a senior, foster puppy and my daughter's puppy visits often). She is fine in the chaos! . Gentle with my 5 year old nephew who lives next door and comes over often. She tries to talk to you and express her needs for attention...Whoo...whoo..whoo..whooo.. Cabot is shy at first but she quickly warms up. 

If you are willing to help Cabot navigate this world, explore new things and find her way into your heart and home, she is waiting on her new adventure with you. 



Name: Cabot
Sex: Female
Breed: Lab mix
Age: 2 years 
Weight: 50 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: yes
Vaccinations: Up to date as of October 2018
Heartworm: Heartworm Treatment December 2018
Microchipped: yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes.  She loves other dogs!  She needs to live with another dog if at all possible to help her navigate the world. 

Cats: Yes

Kids: Tested with 8 years and up. She loves children and attention, but has not been tested with infants or toddlers. 


Adoption Donation: $450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.