---
title: Patty Patriot
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8503
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Terrier,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_terrier breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019067
images: 4
video: 
weight: 66
---

Down, Set, hut! The Patriot litter and their mom- Patty are all looking for a Super Bowl championship worthy forever family! 

Patty and her pups- Edelman, Hightower, Hogan and Gronkowski- were all surrendered to the shelter skinny and filthy and in desperate need of TLC. Their all star foster mom is giving them all the love and attention they need. Patty has been an amazing coach and mom to her pups and is now ready to enjoy retirement from coaching and settle down. 

We are still learning about Patty but so far she appears to be housebroken and is very well behaved overall. She enjoys riding in the car and has a great demeanor. 

If you are looking for your MVP apply today for a Patty!

Check out her videos! 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212537459821125&id=1522178203
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212580105807248&id=1522178203

Name: Patty Patriot 
Breed: Terrier mix
Sex: Female
Age: 2 years old 
Weight: 34 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date 
Heartworm: Negative
Microchipped: Yes
&#160;
BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes- does well with other dogs!
Good with Cats: Passed initial cat test. These means Patty may do well with cats with proper introductions. 
Good with Kids: Untested 


 
Adoption Donation:  $450.00  


 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.