---
title: Macy
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8157
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_female breeds_shepherd breeds_crossbreed options_no-cats
sheltercode: 20181055
images: 2
video: 
weight: 19
---

Per-se-ver-ance: continued effort to do or achieve something despite difficulties, failure, or opposition.

Macy has had to display a huge amount of perseverance in her 2.5 years of age. Macy was found as a stray with her puppies. She went on to be an amazing mother to them however they became sick and only one of her puppies survived. Macy is now ready to find a family of her own! 

She is working hard with her foster family to learn basic obedience training. She is great on a leash and is potty trained! She gets along well with other dogs but does need to be fed alone as she really loves her food! 

Macy is so deserving of an amazing family- could you be it?!


Name: Macy
Breed: Shepard Mix
Sex: Female
Age: 2.5 years old 
Weight: 44 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: UTD as of 7/2
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Children: Yes
Good with Dogs: Yes- gets along well with other dogs but needs to be fed alone. 
Good with Cats: No


Adoption Donation: 450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.