---
title: Hugo
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7293
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [American Staffordshire Terrier,Pit Bull Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_american-staffordshire-terrier breeds_pit-bull-terrier options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2018220
images: 5
video: 
weight: 2
---

Meet Hugo!!

Fostered in New England.
 
Handsome Hugo here!  I&#8217;m quite a looker and a happy love bug that loves people.  My foster mom did an excellent job house training me and I know sit, lay down and stay.  Food is one of my favorite things and I&#8217;ll learn anything for a snack.  Truth be told, I&#8217;m a bit of a human shadow because I love people so much.  I&#8217;ll go from room to room with my favorite humans for a belly rub.  I even like strangers!
 
Some nice people found me wandering the streets in Tennessee the day after Christmas and took me in.  I&#8217;m hoping to find my forever home before the holidays this year. 
 
My favorite play time is in my fenced yard with a water hose, squirrel chasing or sunbathing.  I&#8217;m quite the athlete!  Ask to see my videos!  I&#8217;m currently living with a smaller hound mix who I let boss me around.  I can be a good boy with other dogs if I have slow introductions but I&#8217;m working on my leash skills and can be reactive when I see another dog.  I&#8217;m not perfect, but I&#8217;m an amazing boy &#8211; Did I mention how much I love humans?  I don&#8217;t need to be an only dog, but cats look too much like squirrels for me so a home without cats would be best. 
 
Hugo had a Wisdom Panel test and this handsome boy is pure breed for our pittie lovers out there!  100% American Staffordshire Terrier 


Name: Hugo
Breed: Pit Bull Terrier
Sex: Male
Age: Approx. 4 years old
Weight: 60 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date as of 12/26/17
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes, would do best with older kids due to exuberance 
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: No

Adoption Donation: 250.00

 

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.