---
title: Icing
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8481
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Bull Terrier,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_bull-terrier breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019046
images: 3
video: 
weight: 57
---

Icing anyone?  There is nothing better than sweet, white Icing on top of a smart, affectionate, curious and playful pup. 

Icing is a 1 year old Bull Terrier mix who loves everyone she meets!  She was a stray found by a rural shelter in Arkansas.  Can you even imagine?  She relies heavily on her senses because this beautiful young lady is hearing impaired.  That doesn&#8217;t stop her from grabbing the world by its tail and learning new things every day. She is working on hand signals for sit, wait and down. She patiently waits for treats and will be a gem to teach sign language to. If you have experience with a deaf dog and cannot refuse that face and all it has to offer, than this young lady is just for you!  

She is housebroken, crate trained, leash trained and simply wonderful. She loves toys, treats, hugs and soft blankies on cold nights too. Do you have a soft place for this very sweet girl to place her head at night and the love to show her that she is amazing and perfect?  She is patiently waiting on you. 



Name: Icing
Sex: Female
Breed: Bull Terrier mix
Age: 1 year old
Weight: 36 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Will be before adoption
Vaccinations: Up to date as of January 2019
Heartworm: Negative
Microchipped: Yes
Medical: Hearing impaired. Working on mastering hand signals. 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs: Yes.  She loves other dogs!  She needs to live with another dog if at all possible to help her navigate the world, but that dog needs to be one that won&#8217;t react because she cannot hear their warning. 

Cats: Passed initial cat test. This means she may do well with cats with proper introductions. Not currently fostering with cats.  

Kids: Tested with 8 years and up. She loves children and attention, but has not been tested with infants or toddlers. 



Adoption Donation: $450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.