---
title: Chet
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8117
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Great Pyrenees,Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 1
goodwith: No Kids<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_male breeds_great-pyrenees breeds_labrador-retriever options_no-kids
sheltercode: 20181016
images: 8
video: 
weight: 26
---

Meet Chet! He&#8217;s a one year old, calm, well-mannered, sweet dog with great devotion to &#8220;his person.&#8221; He has good house manners and is very obedient. He is potty and crate trained, although he never needs to be crated. Instead his foster parents use a gated-off room, which has become Chet&#8217;s safe place. When he&#8217;s told, Chet will immediately go into his safe place. 

Chet is really comfortable and social with other dogs and requires another dog or dogs in his adoptive home, preferably an active dog for him to play with. 

Chet enjoys having a quiet lifestyle at home with a predictable, orderly routine. A low-key home with one adult would be ideal for this handsome and mature chap. Chet is initially timid with people and needs time to warm up. He prefers people to be quiet and calm. He does not like when people are loud, animated, or angry. Once he gets to know &#8220;his person&#8221; or other people in his life, he is a warm and playful pup. 

Chet requires a fenced yard to accommodate his initial skittishness and his need for lots of outdoor playtime. He enjoys being outside in the yard with another dog or by himself. He loves playing in all kinds of weather. 

Chet is a one-person dog, loyal and protective to &#8220;his person.&#8221; Although he gets along with other people (particularly calm and quiet people), he is most comfortable in a household with one adult. He tends to accept women better than men, but it more so depends on the person&#8217;s personality and energy. We recommend a household without children for Chet. In his foster home, he has bonded and made his foster mom &#8220;his person,&#8221; and is protective of her whenever other people are around, including foster dad. If Chet feels that &#8220;his person&#8221; is threatened in any way, he will bark, growl, or lunge to make it clear he&#8217;s uncomfortable with the situation. He can quickly be redirected to see that the person or object is not a threat and, within moments, go from growling to sniffing and licking the person or object. 

We think Chet is a mix of Lab and Great Pyrenees. True to the Great Pyrenees breed, Chet is trustworthy, affectionate, and a wonderful companion dog, but if the need arises, he will not hesitate to try to protect &#8220;his person&#8221; from perceived danger. Fortunately, Chet has never resorted to biting. He does, however, have a strong instinct to bark when guarding &#8220;his person.&#8221; That said, Chet currently lives with two adults. 80% of the time, he's great with both "his person" and the other adult and will show affection to both, but there are moments when his protective instincts come into play and need to be addressed.

His loyalty to &#8220;his person" is an endearing quality. When &#8220;his person&#8221; is sick, he will lay beside, despite wanting to get on with the day and play. He is a really good boy and very smart. At bedtime, he sleeps on a dog bed beside &#8220;his person.&#8221; He often wakes up early, but he stays quiet and will chew on a bone or toy until he hears the alarm clock. As soon as he hears the alarm clock, he jumps in bed and snuggles with both his foster mom and foster dad.

Chet is skittish and wary of certain objects and loud noises. Although when &#8220;his person&#8221; uses the object or makes a loud noise, he&#8217;s fine with that. He only gets uncomfortable when someone other than &#8220;his person&#8221; does it and only when &#8220;his person&#8221; is at home with him. If he is left alone with someone other than &#8220;his person,&#8221; he will allow these nuisances to go on without reacting. We think Chet reacts to protect &#8220;his person.&#8221; As a result, having Chet in a household with one person makes life for him so much easier because he doesn&#8217;t have the need to protect all the time. 

Chet loves to go for walks, but because he&#8217;s even more skittish outside his home, he prefers to walk with another dog. He pulls initially, but then settles down and walks well on leash. Chet was a stray hit by a car in Texas. He can be wary of cars and other unfamiliar objects while walking so making sure you have a firm grip on his leash is key.

Chet can be mouthy when he plays with people, but he takes a gentle correction and knows the difference between play biting and giving a kiss. 

He has unique features like his white eyelashes, a perfect circle birthmark on his back (that looks like a dreamcatcher), and a curly tail (that sways! instead of wags). His tail is magical! He has a soft white coat with tan spots.

If you are interested in learning more about Chet and meeting him, please submit an application. 
 
Name: Chet
Breed: Great Pyrenees/Lab Mix
Sex: Male
Age: approximately 12 months old
Weight: 56 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: current as of August 2018
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:

Good with Dogs: Yes, he is currently fostering with other dogs and does very well. Another dog or dogs in the home is a requirement.
Good with Cats: Unknown &#8211; Chet has not been around cats.
Good with Kids: No

Adoption Donation: $450



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
&#160;
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
&#160;
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
&#160;
NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.
Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.