---
title: Shelley Bell
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8226
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Labrador Retriever,Black Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_labrador-retriever breeds_black-labrador-retriever 
sheltercode: 20181122
images: 9
video: 
weight: 21
---

Happy, sweet, and adorable?! That describes Shelley perfectly!!! 

Shelley is a sweet, happy girl who is super smart and eager to please. She loves playing with other dogs and is working  hard on her training.   Shelley is housetrained with a doggy door and hasn't had any accidents indoors.   We think that she is going to be a wonderful addition to the perfect family! She is getting fully vetted and will be ready for adoption 2/22/19!

Apply fast she won&#8217;t last long! 

Check out her video!
Https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211964668581702&id=1522178203
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211923998324971&id=1522178203
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212093303997507&id=1522178203
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10212445007909885&id=1522178203

Name: Shelley Bell
Breed: Labrador mix
Sex: Female
Age: 2 years old 
Weight: 50 pounds as of 10/31/18
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes
Good with Cats: Passed her initial cat test; however, she does not currently live with cats. 
Good with Kids: Untested


Adoption Donation: &#160;$450


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.