---
title: Archer
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8396
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Border Collie,Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 1
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Dogs/Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_border-collie breeds_labrador-retriever options_no-dogs options_no-cats
sheltercode: 20181288
images: 7
video: 
weight: 40
---

Archer is very much enjoying his stay in a foster home and finally learning to live a stress-free life.  He was a stray taken in to the shelter during the heat of the Texas summer.  Archer has a thicker, medium length lovely black coat, so living on the streets during the summer months must have been rough.  He was a good boy at the shelter and was put in their "gentle and dainty" group for playtime.  

After a few months there, Archer got his lucky break and went to go live in a foster home.  He weighs in at just a little over 60 pounds and is still learning how to walk nicely on a leash.  He does enjoy his walks, though, and he's a smart boy.  He knows and responds to his name, and is very quick to sit when asked.  

He really, really, really loves tennis balls and would probably chase one all day long if he had someone to throw it for him!  He very gladly runs to fetch it and very obediently drops it so the ball can be thrown again.  He isn't as fond of letting other dogs play with his tennis balls, and he also tends to guard his food, so it might be best for Archer to be the only dog in the home, and also to be in a home with no small children.  

Archer is very much a "Velcro dog".  He likes to be with his human and will literally just lie at my feet wherever I go.  Already neutered and up-to-date on vaccines, Archer will make a wonderful, loyal companion. 

Check out his video!!  https://youtu.be/-ClAyxpOgBs
 
 
Name: Archer
Breed: Border Collie/Lab Mix
Sex: Male
Age: approx. 4 years old 
Weight:  60 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: current as of June 2018
Microchipped: Yes
 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: No, while he is currently fostered with other dogs, he is possessive over his tennis balls and his food which has to be managed closely so we feel he would do best as an only pet.

Good with Cats: No, he is too curious and likes to chase.
 
Good with Kids: He is fostered with teenagers and is very sweet. We would assume he is good with older children, but no small kids.


Adoption Donation: $450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.