---
title: Samuel
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8403
size: Large
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 1
attributes: sizes_large ages_young genders_male breeds_labrador-retriever options_special-needs
sheltercode: 20181295
images: 6
video: 
weight: 46
---

Samuel is a true Velcro dog.  He wants to be close all the times, he really wants to please and does good on the leash.  Samuel is very sensitive so with positive motivation training, he will be a breeze to train and he will enjoy the attention of training. 

Samuel appears to be house trained and crate trained.  He appears to enjoy car rides, but is initially shy in new places.

Samuel has been around other dogs of all sizes. He doesn&#8217;t really seem interested in playing but does fine around dogs greeting appropriately.   Samuel&#8217;s play style is more gentle and dainty but would prefer the attention of a person, more than playing with another dog.  While Samuel will be fine in most any home, I would recommend older, calm children for his own comfort. 

When Samuel was rescued as a stray dog, he had an old injury in his back leg. The injury did not heal correctly and it was causing the poor boy A LOT of pain. The decision was made to amputate his back leg and boy did Samuel seem happy to be out of pain. He recovered from the amputation very quickly and was managing his disability very well within just a couple of days. He is still a little clumsy with his leg and is still learning to walk on it but overall, he navigates the world VERY well!  

Samuel will make a VERY LOVING companion.  He&#8217;s perfect for long leisure walks and just a &#8216;hanging out by the fire&#8217; guy.  As with most amputees and &#8220;special needs&#8221; dogs, I think Samuel will prove to be just &#8220;Special&#8221;.   

Check out his video!
https://youtu.be/uqVtrFqQc3k
 

Name: Samuel
Breed: Lab Mix
Sex: Male
Age: approx. 1.5 years old 
Weight:  55 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: current as of December 2018
Heartworm: negative
Microchipped: yes
Medical: Tripod missing rear left leg.


BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes, he is currently fostered with several dogs and interacts fine with them.  Due to his recent amputation, Samuel&#8217;s interaction with other dogs has been limited

Good with Cats: Curious.  

Good with Kids: Untested- Samuel seems to be good around children, but due to his recent amputation his exposure has been limited and would recommend no small children



Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.