---
title: Molly Leigh
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8522
size: Large
age: Senior
sex: Female
breeds: [Rhodesian Ridgeback,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_senior genders_female breeds_rhodesian-ridgeback breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019086
images: 5
video: 
weight: 77
---

Molly Leigh is a big old girl who is at a perfect age of 6 years or so who has resided with one of our rescue friends in Texarkana for the last year or so - they had hoped to keep her for their own but an illness in the family makes that not the best situation for Molly and a few of her housemates we are helping to place for him.

At about 65 lbs or so, she's a big girl but in great shape - gentle and living with several other dogs so no issues there.&#160; She loves being in the fenced yard and hanging out and is super affectionate with her humans too.

Would love to find her a home here in New England with a forever family - we haven't tested her with children but will be getting that done if necessary - cats as well.

We believe she's a ridgeback mix as she sure looks like one but has a pretty patch of white!!

Name: Molly Leigh
Breed: Rhodesian Ridgeback/Crossbreed
Sex: Female
Age: 6-7 years (vet estimate)
Weight: 65 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative at most recent testing
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Unknown
Good with Dogs: Yes!!
Good with Cats: Unknown

Adoption Donation: $275.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.