---
title: Kelly
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8517
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Doberman Pinscher,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 0
nokids: 0
goodwith: 
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_doberman-pinscher breeds_crossbreed 
sheltercode: 2019081
images: 8
video: 
weight: 74
---

Initially, sweet Kelly is timid in new situations, but once she warms up, her playful nature comes out. She loves playing and plays well with other dogs. She also clearly loves attention. Kelly really wants to please and is very smart, so with positive motivation training she will be quick and easy to train with consistency. She does good on the leash. 

Kelly does well inside, and seems to be house trained. She is crate trained and does great on car rides, actually seems to like to go, but is initially shy and a little frightened in new places. Kelly likes playing so I&#8217;m sure she will enjoy fetch and tug games and toys. Kelly has been around other dogs of all sizes. Her play style is more rough and rowdy and she does enjoy the company of other dogs. 

Kelly would do great in a home with another confident dog. Initially, Kelly might be a flight risk and will need appropriate precautions- but once she bonds, she will make a very loving, loyal companion. 

Check out her videos! https://youtu.be/wbetfHYLAAk

Name:  Kelly
Sex:  Female
Breed:  Dobie mix
Age:  approx. 1 year old 
Weight:  40 lbs 
Spayed/Neutered:  Yes
Vaccinations:  Up to date as of January 2019
Heartworm:  negative
Microchipped:  Yes
Medical: Kelly on occasion will be stiff in her front legs. We had two series of x-rays done and a consultation with an ortho vet. Kelly suffers from Panosteitis which refers to a short-lived (self-limiting) and painful condition characterized by limping and lameness &#8211; also called growing pains. He has made great improvements over the past two months and we are confident she is well on her way to overcome this. Her foster mom reports that it is now a rare occasion to even notice it.


BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Dogs:  Kelly does fine around other dogs. She is being fostered with dogs of all size and does fine. 
Cats: Yes. Kelly is fostered with an indoor cat and does well.
Kids:  Yes &#8211; Kelly is fine around children.

Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.