---
title: Gracie Sunshine
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7964
size: Small
age: Senior
sex: Female
breeds: [Beagle]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 2
goodwith: Unknown with Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_small ages_senior genders_female breeds_beagle 
sheltercode: 2018866
images: 4
video: 
weight: 10
---

Sweet Gracie is sooooo ready to flood your life with sunshine!  She spent most of her life in a chicken coop until the day she made her escape and was rescued.  Lucky girl!  Now she&#8217;s learning all about air conditioning and soft beds and couches and doggie buddies and nice, attentive humans who want to shower her with love.  Being in a home with other well-loved and social dogs has helped tremendously! 

But she is taking these new steps gradually and is understandably cautious.  Gracie needs proper introductions with new dogs - she does fine with very brief initial interactions, but when they stay too close for too long, she gets nervous.  She is currently fostering with a large dog and has fostered with other dogs in the past &#8211; she has done fine with them with the proper slow introductions.  

Gracie is a true beagle and LOVES to follow her nose!  She will follow a scent trail as far as she can (so fun to watch!) and will try to chase small critters in motion, such as squirrels, birds, and cats. 

Gracie is a smart girl, eager to learn, and very food motivated!  She is house-broken and we&#8217;re now working on leash-training! 

If you think some beagle sunshine might be right for you, fill out an application to learn more about Gracie! 
 

Name: Gracie Good Girl Sunshine
Breed: Beagle mix
Sex: Female
Age: 7-8 years old
Weight: 24 pounds 
Spayed/Neutered: Will be before adoption 
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Will be before adoption 

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes- based on personality 
Good with Dogs: Yes- with proper introductions 
Good with Cats: Unknown


Adoption Donation: 300.00

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.