---
title: Spice
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 6890
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Retriever,Crossbreed]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 1
goodwith: No Cats/Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_retriever breeds_crossbreed options_no-cats options_no-kids
sheltercode: 20171084
images: 5
video: 
weight: 3
---

Live on a beach?  Visit a beach often?  Like to walk in the woods?  Have a dog who would like a friend?

Well, here you go - Spice is your next dog!!!

Spice has had many changes during her time with Paws New England - she came to us a very timid and scared girl. Through the patience of her amazing foster family and her foster sibling, she is so much more trusting of new humans it's amazing.  They have been working with a trainer who has helped her foster family understand where her timidity was coming from and and how to best go forward with her while searching for her new home.

The biggest requirement- another confident dog in her new home - a fun, confident, people loving dog so she can follow in his/her lead.  

Another important requirement - a calm, quiet house - no 24/7 visitors coming and going. This probably means no kids/teenagers who tend to have parties, sleepovers etc.  This my be okay down the line once she's confident in your home but in the beginning, not good for this girl.

The funny thing, she really does love humans - she adores her foster family and can't wait for them to get home from work so she can soak up their affection She doesn't have a mean bone in her gorgeous body.

A fenced yard would be great for her but may not be 100% necessary if you live in a quiet area where she can walk and not be worried about who is coming towards her in the beginning.

Would you like to see more of her - here you go.
www.facebook.com/PAWSNewEngland/videos/1859972814071790/  

Would you like to maybe chat w/ her foster mom, get more information, see if she's a good fit?  All you have to do is email:  adoptions@pawsnewengland.com

We are more than happy to refund her adoption fee right back to a trainer/behaviorist if you'd like to continue training with this special girl.

Name: Spice
Breed: Chessie Mix
Sex: Female
Age: Approx. 4 years old
Weight: 45 pounds
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date 
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Yes- gets along with all other dogs
Good with Cats:  No
Good with Kids:  Needs a home without children. As noted above, may be too busy socially for her.

Adoption Donation:  $250.00

 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
 
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes.   If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
 
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
 

NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS:  Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.