---
title: Hot Chocolate Delight
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8494
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_female breeds_shepherd 
sheltercode: 2019058
images: 4
video: 
weight: 63
---

Arriving to New England on 2/2/2018!

Adorable girl:  https://youtu.be/XzMiL2T795U

Gear up for the cold of the season with a big cuppa Hot Chocolate Delight! She&#8217;s a milk chocolate lab mix (best guess, her sweet mother is only 20lbs) beauty with a warm dreamy smile (and an endearing overbite)! 

This 5.5 month old 18 pound puppy is quite sweet, but also offers canine comfort and companionship too. 

Hot Chocolate Delight is seeking a fun and active family to join her on all her adventures and explorations. She enjoys chew toys and going for runs in the yard. 

Hot Chocolate tells us that she will be her best in a home with lots of activity and social interaction. She is a super smart girl and will learn her training with ease when given plenty of patience and care.

 Is your family looking for a terrific way to warm up their winter? If so, and you think a puppy is perfect for you, apply to adopt Hot Chocolate Delight, today! 

Name: Hot Chocolate Delight
Breed: Lab Mix w/ Terrier?
Sex: Female
Age: 5.5 months of 1/25/2019
Weight: 18 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Too young to test
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes, puppy so everyone needs to be respectful!!
Good with Dogs:&#160; Yes
Good with Cats: Unknown

Adoption Donation: 500.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.