---
title: Kirk
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8453
size: Large
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Hound,Labrador Retriever]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_large ages_adult genders_male breeds_hound breeds_labrador-retriever 
sheltercode: 2019018
images: 3
video: 
weight: 49
---

Professional toy hoarder!  Kirk loves to gather all his toys and pile them up in his crate or out on the patio while he's sunning himself :)  He's fully housebroken and loves affection once he feels comfortable with you.  It can take a little bit of time for him to trust a new person but when he does he is yours forever!  Kirk loves walks and a game of fetch but is also quite happy to lay at your feet for some pats.  Truly a love bug.


Name: Kirk
Breed: Hound/Lab Mix
Sex: Male
Age: approx. 3 years old 
Weight:  60 lbs
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: current as of Dec 2018
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with Dogs: Kirk is fostered with other dogs and does well with them. 

Good with Cats: Unknown, the current foster does not have cats.

Good with Kids: He is fostered with a 10 month old boy and he is gentle, but he has never been around toddlers or active small children. We would assume he is good with older children.


Adoption Donation: 450.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.