---
title: Macho
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8490
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Male
breeds: [Mountain Cur]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 2
goodwith: No Cats<br>Unknown with&nbsp;Kids
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_male breeds_mountain-cur options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2019054
images: 4
video: 
weight: 61
---

How about this handsome guy - brand new to Paws New England on 1/25/2018 - we were contacted by a group in West Virginia to see if we had room - one look at that face and arrangements were in the works!!

Macho will be arriving on Saturday 1/26 and will be visiting with our favorite trainer/boarding facility John Gagnon's Pet Resort in Colchester CT where we will hopefully learn more about this guy.

He apparently was the "tester" dog at the shelter he was in - meaning he has such a nice personality they'd try him out on the new dogs coming in because he never started any tussles and was easy going.&#160; After more than 20 introductions, the staff decided it was his turn to find a new home.&#160;&#160;
His prior owner surrendered him to the shelter as they could no longer care for him - they listed that he's great with dogs and children, zero issues - we will of course test this out for ourselves.

More info coming when we have it but if you love his look as much as we do and want to know more, please don't hesitate to apply and we will get back to you ASAP - applications don't mean your committed.

Name: Macho
Breed: Mountain Cur
Sex: Male
Age: 6 years
Weight: 40
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Reportedly yes - will be tested prior to confirmation
Good with Dogs:&#160; Yes&#160;
Good with Cats:  No to felines - he focused a bit too intensely during his cat test to make us feel comfortable saying he'd be safe around cats w/o question.

Adoption Donation: $350.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.