---
title: Mona
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 7775
size: Medium
age: Adult
sex: Female
breeds: [Shepherd,Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 1
nokids: 0
goodwith: No Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_adult genders_female breeds_shepherd breeds_terrier options_no-cats
sheltercode: 2018682
images: 7
video: 
weight: 6
---

Mona is cute, lovable, good natured and at 35 lbs. snuggles easily with you on the couch. She jumps out of her bed every morning to greet us. She is completely housebroken and does not need to be crated.  She doesn&#8217;t bark, doesn&#8217;t chew things she shouldn&#8217;t, doesn&#8217;t jump or nip, or beg for food. It is a joy to help such a well-behaved, appreciative animal find a new home.

Mona was pregnant when she was found by animal control in June of 2018.   She&#8217;s from Tennessee and stayed in foster care until her puppies were adopted.  She is now staying with us until she finds the perfect forever home. After 2 short weeks, Mona has easily adjusted to her new surroundings and has quickly bonded with our dog, Lily. She greets us with excitement and loves to be scratched. She&#8217;ll sit on our lap or snuggle up with us on the couch. She&#8217;s always watching us from the kitchen doorway, trying to figure out what&#8217;s going on as everything is new her. We&#8217;ve already fallen in love with her and know that she will make someone very happy.

The cutest thing about Mona is that she is a toy hoarder! Her toys are like her security blanket -- she collects them and keeps them close. We suspect she plays with them at night, as they are often scattered around the room each morning.  But once we&#8217;re up and getting ready for the day, she quickly gathers them and put them back in her bed&#8212;sometimes she puts one in Lily&#8217;s bed. Mona loves her toys -- when she hears a squeak, she jumps into action, racing through the house to find you to reclaim it. She gently takes her toy from you, and then trots back to her toy den, proud of her accomplishment. We use her squeaky toy to call her in from the yard &#8211; works every time!    

Mona follows the lead of the dog she is with. Lily, our 11-year-old lab, is Mona&#8217;s new best friend, even though Lily is not as amused with toys as Mona is. Mona stays close to Lily most of the time, even when Lily seems uninterested in her company.  Mona mimics Lily and quickly learned the rules of the house. She stays within the designated areas &#8211; without gates. She loves to go out in the yard, if Lily goes with her; and has gotten better walking on leash when walking with Lily.  Last week, Mona went for a long walk with Penny and Sophie, two dogs rescued through PAWS of New England.  Mona spent the afternoon with her new friends and was very disappointed when they left (they were Mona&#8217;s age and clearly more fun than Lily.)  

Mona would thrive in a small, easy-going home, with another dog around her age.  She does gets overly excited around cats and would be better suited with just dog playmates. She is lovable, laid-back and well-behaved, and will make someone a great companion.

Check out her video! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211816115827976&id=1522178203

Name:  Mona
Sex:  Female
Breed:  Shepherd/Terrier mix 
Age:  5 years old
Weight:  34 pounds 
Spayed:  Yes
Vaccinations:  Up to date
Heartworm:  Negative
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS:
Good with dogs:  Yes.  Has daily playtime with 2 large dogs and enjoys them. She does not seem to like small, high energy puppies other than her own.
Good with cats:  No.
Good with kids:  Untested but expected to do well based on personality. 


Adoption Donation: $450.00


IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.
&#160;
Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.
&#160;
At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.
&#160;
NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.
Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.