---
title: Dude
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8378
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Shepherd,Basset Hound]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_shepherd breeds_basset-hound 
sheltercode: 20181270
images: 4
video: 
weight: 48
---

Short legged Dude - that's what he is - he's not a true "low rider" and he's certainly not a tall shepherd so he's a "middle rider" - adorable whatever you want to call him.

Dude came to New England to a home without another dog and he just wasn't happy - we are observing him now in a doggie daycare where he's fostering and he truly loves other dogs and gets his signals from them on how to behave around humans.  I can't say he's fearful, but he's shy however he jumped right up on my bed his first night here and slept comfortably. 

He seems to be the type that would love to have one person and another at least one canine in his home - he adjusted to the several people working at the daycare without problem.  He did have some issues with the dad in his adoptive home so we'll need to see if that was a "one-off" or something that needs more investigation.

We'd love to send Dude on a trial adoption to give both he and you enough time to decide if this is a good situation - at least one happy, confident dog in your home would be required - typically we don't say a fenced yard is required but in his case, it might be helpful to work on his house training.

Would love to hear from you:  joannepawsne@gmail.com  (foster mom)

Name: Dude
Breed: Shepherd/Corgi/Basset???
Sex: Male
Age: 10-11 months
Weight: 40 lbs.
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Negative 
Microchipped: Yes

Adoption Donation: 450.00

IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.