---
title: Jack Frosting
date: 2019-02-12T17:21:37+01:00
petID: 8493
size: Medium
age: Young
sex: Male
breeds: [Shepherd,Terrier]
nodogs: 0
nocats: 2
nokids: 0
goodwith: Unknown with&nbsp;Cats
specialneeds: 
attributes: sizes_medium ages_young genders_male breeds_shepherd breeds_terrier 
sheltercode: 2019057
images: 7
video: 
weight: 62
---

Now fostering in New England! 

Adorable little guy :https://youtu.be/Ayj3rPhbzJo

Make some room in your heart and home to spread on a little bit of Jack Frosting! 

This charming character is a 5.5 month old, 22 pound GSD/Terrier mix (best guess, his sweet mom was only 20 lbs) who is just as sweet as his namesake! 

Jack is a jovial dude who enjoys playtime and getting out all his puppy energies through activities. He&#8217;d be his most excellent in a home with lots of adventures like hiking, jogging and playtime outdoors. Jack is eager to please and will excel at a basic training course. He is a typical active puppy, but  not constantly running around.  He will snooze on the kitchen floor after going for a walk. He is house trained and crate trained! 

He says he&#8217;s looking forward to long days filled with fun and relaxing evenings curled up on the couch. 

Does Jack Frosting seem like the perfect topping for your family's cake? If so, please apply to adopt him today!

Name: Jack Frosting 
Breed: Shepherd/Retriever  (mix... we don't know for sure)
Sex: Male
Age: 5.5 months of 1/25/2019
Weight: 22
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Vaccinations: Up to date
Heartworm: Too young to test.
Microchipped: Yes

BASED ON OUR OBSERVATIONS: 
Good with Children: Yes, puppy so everyone needs to be respectful!!
Good with Dogs:&#160; Yes
Good with Cats: Unknown

Adoption Donation: 500.00



IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
Interested in a specific dog, please fill out an application if you are interested in a dog. The number of individual inquiries is overwhelming and we are finding it difficult to respond to each one. We cannot guarantee you will receive a timely response.

Paws New England is a rescue, not a shelter, and as such we do not have our dogs housed in one location - they are in foster homes both in New England and in our southern foster homes. &#160; If you're interested in a specific dog, please complete a short online application and you will receive a reply within 48 hours so you can ask questions.

At present, if a dog is listed on our website, the dog is considered still available HOWEVER, may have applications that have come in before yours but it's still too early to know if any are a good match; therefore we encourage you to apply.


NOTICE WITH REGARD TO LOCATION OF DOGS: &#160;Please note: Paws New England is a foster-based rescue. We do not have a brick and mortar building to house the dogs we rescue. We have found that dogs in foster homes are much more adoptable because they have been observed in a home setting. Dogs listed with Paws New England typically reside in various locations throughout the south (primarily Tennessee, Texas, and Arkansas) and New England (not necessarily in the state of Rhode Island). You will be notified by the adoption coordinator of the location of the dog you are interested in so you have the ability to decide whether to pursue adoption or not.

Dogs transported to New England are done so at a fee of $150.00 paid directly to the transporting company by Paws New England; no additional transport costs are responsibility of adopter. This fee is included in the adoption donation.

Adoption donations cover pre-adoption vet costs (including vaccinations, spay/neuter when age appropriate, and heartworm testing/treatment when necessary), a microchip, and transportation to New England if necessary.

Donations for our young, healthy puppies and dogs support their fellow canines of advanced age or suffering from injuries and abuse whose donations are reduced but whose veterinary costs are typically much higher. We appreciate your understanding that your dog will help others in need.

All known information about the animal is listed above. We do our best to give accurate information, but most of our dogs are rescues and do not come with a known history.

Paws New England abides by the dog importation regulations set forth in the states of MA, CT, NH and RI.